---
title: 张倩课题组志
date: 2025-07-01 13:26:00 +0800
categories: [科研]
tags: [科研]
math: TRUE
---

## 张-xxxx-倩介绍
## 科研成果
### 19级
#### 彭浩进
### 20级
### 21级
#### 伍南平
Wu N, Zhang Q, Wang H, et al. Chronic polyaluminum chloride perturbation shaped community assembly patterns: An overlooked mechanism of nitrogen removal inhibition[J]. Chemical Engineering Journal, 2025, 503: 158612.

Wu N, Tan B, Li M, et al. Deciphering the role of hydraulic retention time (HRT) in integrated fixed-film activated sludge (IFAS) system under aniline stress: Effects on microbial succession and communication[J]. Chemical Engineering Journal, 2024, 482: 148834.

Wu N, Zhang Q, Tan B, et al. Integrated fixed-film activated sludge systems in continuous-flow and batch mode acclimated from low to high aniline concentrations: performance, mechanism and metabolic pathways[J]. Bioresource Technology, 2023, 379: 129043.

Wu N, Zhang Q, Tan B, et al. Understanding the impacts of intermittent electro field on the bioelectrochemical aniline degradation system: Performance, microbial community and functional enzyme[J]. Environmental Research, 2023, 231: 116039.

#### 林冰
Lin B, Tan B, Zhang Q, et al. Unraveling the nexus of Cr (VI), aniline, and microbial ecology on aniline-degrading biosystem: Removal efficiency, sludge type, microbial ecology[J]. Bioresource Technology, 2023, 382: 129185.

Lin B, Tan B, Zhang Q, et al. Evolution of aniline degradation and nitrogen removal performance in electro-enhanced sequence batch reactor under salinity stress: sludge characteristics and microbial diversity[J]. Environmental Pollution, 2023, 334: 122201.
### 22级
#### 陈嘉婧
Chen J, Zhang Q, Li M, et al. Exploring the impact of visible light intensity on algae-bacterial symbiotic system treating aniline wastewater: Performance, microbial community and metabolic pathways[J]. Journal of Water Process Engineering, 2024, 68: 106415.
#### 彭洁
Peng J, Li M, Zhang Q, et al. Probe on the pivotal role of green rust in improving the enzymatic activity and facilitating the formation of 1O2 in Fenton-like process for degradation of 4-chlorophenol[J]. Journal of Environmental Management, 2025, 373: 123551.
### 23级
#### 董晓倩

## 学生毕业去向
### 读博
何琪  东南大学-丁士明

林冰  中山大学-孙连鹏

伍南平 中国水利水电科学研究院

彭浩进 同济大学

钟敏 华中科技大学

张一博 哈尔滨工业大学
